>> Mike North: So what we're gonna do,
you have a bunch of cross site scripting
stuff that you've figured out.
We've got our three little bugs.
We're going to fix the bugs by
editing some of that server side code.
So we know the unsafe thing to check for,
remember,
it's less than percent dash.
Eradicate that from the code base,
with a couple exceptions.
There are some places where, due to
the layouts, like any time we've got like
html wrapping other html,
you should leave some of these intact.
But anything that's user generated input,
we should make sure that
we sanitize appropriately.
What we wanna do then is add
a reasonable content security policy.
And here is something that
is pretty reasonable here.
There's an additional
twist I've added here.
I didn't explain it in slides,
so I wanna explain it now.
Note that font source has a data colon
as the source of that directive, right?
That basically means we allow base64
encoded URLs to be font sources.
So in this case the font is
expressed as a base64 encoded URL.
So content security policy like
this should make the app work.
You just have to figure
out how to express that.
There is a library already installed
that is popular option for
adding a CSP to an express app.
It is called helmetjs/csp.
helmetjs just deals with adding
headers to requests, basically.
So there are a couple of
different libraries there.
This is the file you'll be working with.
It's in server/index.js, and
reading the documentation here should give
you a clue as to how you should proceed.
I will say that it's best here
to start relatively simple and
to increment forward.
And this is where your lvh.me domains
might be useful because browsers might,
depending on how,
you may find that the content security
policy sticks on a particular
domain beyond one request.
So you want to test this out,
tighten things up.
You'll basically like lock things down to
the point where the CSS is not gonna work,
the JavaScript's not gonna work, and
piece by piece you kinda get back to where
we don't have error messages anymore.
But you should find that if you go and try
to tamper with any of those static assets,
like the script tag, for example,
that's being inserted.
>> Mike North: It'll complain about it,
and it'll say oops.
Some unauthorized change has been made.